Government Policies
a.) Monarchy (Resource penalties are reduced by half, happiness increases at 75% rate)
b.) Democracy (All hapiness boosts are doubled, population cannot be reduced.)
c.) Theocracy (State gains capital at 1.5 times the rate, must conduct wars on non religious nations)
d.) Communism (Happines is reduced by half at the end of the game, all resource penalties are ignored.)

Army Policies:
a.) Volunteer Force (Army size can never be more than 1/4 of the population, resource expenditure on army actions is half)
b.) Forced Conscription (Army size can exceed population count, tech increases are reduced by half)
c.) Robot Army (You can contribute your tech score to all army checks, if your tech falls below your starting value, you cannot contribute your army strength to events)
d.) No Army (Happiness, resources, capital, technology all recieve 1.5 times bonus at the end of the game, your army score will remain at zero throughout the game)

Technology Policies
a.) Science is a hoax(Your tech value starts at zero, your happiness score can only increase never decrease)
b.) Cyborgs (Technology increases at a 3X rate, population recieves a 90% reduction at the start of the game.)
c.) War Machine (All army boosts will also count as tech boosts, peaceful solutions will never be provided as options during the game)
d.) Peace sciences (War options will never be provided during the game, tech increases will always be applied to happiness)

Geography
a.) Desert (Starting population is 25% lower, but all resource bumps half way through the game triple)
b.) Mountains (Resource score can be added to army score in checks, resource gains are reduced by 25% )
c.) Woodlands (No benefits are provided during the course of the game, your final score is multipled by 1.25 at the end of the game)
d.) Islands (Happiness starts doubled, army options have a 50% chance of guranteed failure(reguardless of existing conditions))

Economy
a.) Capitalism (At the start of each round you have a 50% chance of capital increasing by 75% and a 50% chance of a 75% reduction)
b.) Serfdom (Capital is always equal to population size)
c.) Isolationism (Technology and population can only increase by 25%, an additional neutral option will be provided on all tests involving foreign nations)
d.) Gold standard(All resource benefits are times 2X, any economic failures during the game result in double penalties)
